What is API ?
API stand for Application Programming Interface.
API allows two application to talk to each other.

Example :
Social APIs
Facebook,Twitter , Google Talk, Foursquare , SoundCloud.

Visual APIs 
google Maps, YouTube AccuWeather, Pinterest , Filckr.

What is package.json ?
Package.json file holds various metadata relevant to the project. 
It is used to give information to npm that allows it to identify 
the project as well as handle the project dependencies.


What is Express .js ?
Express is a web framework built with Node.js
Express is a flexible and provides robust features for web and mobile application development.

A framework guides us on how to do something (like a predefined way of doing things)


What is JOI ?
JOI is a schema description language and data validator for javaScript.
Can be used to validate response from a backend endpoint or maybe 
verifying what goes into our REST API.


What is array of objects?

arrays in js:
JavaScript arrays are used to store multiple values in a single variable.

objects in js: 
JavaScript objects are contained for name and value pairs separated by a colon.


What is Nodemon
Nodemon is a utility that moitors for any changes i our application source code 
and automatically restarts our server.

Features:
 . Automatic restarting of application.
 . Detects default file extension to monitors
 . Default supports for node and coffeeScript
 . Can run execute like Python etc.
 . Watch specific directories.

 Command to installing Nodemon
    npm i -g nodemon.



    What is HTTP ?
    It stands for hypertext transfer protocol.
    Web pages are made of html documents.
    
    Protocol refers to a specific set of communication rules.

    Http allows the fetching of resources such as over the internet and web.
    http is the foundation of any data exchange on the web.
    http is a request-response client- server protocol.
    Http is a stateless protocol 


    HTTP Status Codes
    These are message that get returned fowwing request to the server.
    200-ok--> Standard message for a successful HTTP request.
    201-(created)--> Request fulfilled and new resource created.
    400-(bad request)-404---> Invalid Syntax | Request cannot be fulfilled.
    403-(Method not allowed)---> Server refusing to respond to request.
    405-(Method not allowed)---> Request method not supported.
    500-(Internal Server error)---> Server unable to fulfill request due to issues.
    503-(Service Unavailable)---> Server is under maintainance.



What is process.env in Node.js ?
 The process.env global variable is injected by Node at runtime for your application to use and 
 it represents the state of the system environment your application is in when it starts.
 